Rosalind was born into a wealthy family. She is about the same age as Vivian,
but because they grew up in such different environments, they see the world from
opposite ends of the spectrum. Her parents are quite strict and often away,
which  has made Rosalind into a very independent and slightly socially isolated
person.

Her disconnect with her family has led her to crave something more. As one of
the 50,000 infants to have been chosen during the Aeon Project, Rosalind has
become attuned to the Aether in the world. She developed enhanced strength and
intelligence at a young age. As she grew older, she discovered that she could
hear things exceptionally well, so well in fact that she could hear others
thoughts. This ability eventually developed into the use of psionic abilities.
This however, she has  kept this as a secret from others in her community.She is
very good at problem-solving, and the brain augmentation heightens her senses,
most noticeably her hearing. Her personality is reserved. She manages herself
well and knows how to get her way, but what she really craves is someone who she
can talk to and spend time with. She doesn't pity the poor, but she feels some
guilt about having access to the brain augmentation technology while others do
not. Rosalind is blonde with long, wavy hair and steely grey eyes.  Due to the
augmentation, Rosalind has become more attuned with the Aether in the world,
allowing her to use psionic like abilities. Etc..... more to come

As one of the 50,000 infants to have been chosen during the Aeon Project,
Rosalind has become attuned to the Aether in the world. She developed enhanced
strength and intelligence at a young age. As she grew older, she discovered that
she could hear things exceptionally well, so well in fact that she could hear
others thoughts.
