Background
==========

A young girl lives in a modest but loving household with her two parents. Her
parents think of her as their world, and she loves both of her parents very
much.

Her parents are inventors, a skill which the girl always felt had not been
passed down the genetic line. Their inventing skills were used to supply the
town with creative solutions to minor problems: [insert fun examples here]. They
had not been particularly successful in breaking into a larger industry; their
ideals against intellectual property kept them out of the larger corporations.
Besides, they were perfectly content in their small town with their friends and
a seemingly interminable stream of minor problems for them to solve.

They do, however, have one major project that they collaborate with
inventors-of-similar-ideals on: the very first free brain augmentation platform.

Brain augmentation was not a new technology. The first feasible attempts at its
implementation had begun 150 years prior to the present day, with success
initially achieved by NeuroTransmission Labs. Unfortunately, due to the
proprietary nature of its design and specialized hardware, it was only
accessible to the richest of the world's citizens; not even the average employee
at NeuroTransmission Labs was granted use of the technology.

As with any consumer good in history, it was expected that competition combined
with advances in hardware production would steadily lower the price until even
the lower-middle class would have access to older, yet still revolutionary,
versions of the brain augmentation platform. This claim turned out to be
incorrect. Those fortunate enough to have access to brain augmentation began to
form their own branch of social mentality: rather than allow the platform to
trickle down to the masses, they thought it better to restrict its use as much
as possible. Vast improvements continued to be made to the technology initiated
by NeuroTransmission Labs, while out-of-date models were either destroyed or
saved for future research.

50 years after the inception of brain augmentation technology, a test was
conducted by its proprietors: a controlled release of a restricted model,
specifically geared toward qualified infants whose parents were able to pass an
'ingenuity test'. 50,000 lucky participants were selected out of the nearly 1
million infants initially considered. The acceleration of this subset of the
general population had an astounding effect: the already-unprecedented
socioeconomic gap shot open, a wound that left the already poor and starving
citizens with even less hope than they thought possible.
